------------------------------------------------------------
DICOTYPE FONT LICENSE 1.0 - 27 JANUARY 2023
------------------------------------------------------------

This End User License Agreement (EULA) is a legal agreement
between you and Dicotype (the "Foundry") for the use of our
font software (the "Font"). By downloading, installing, or
using the Font, you agree to be bound by the terms of this
EULA.

1. LICENSE GRANT
The Foundry grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable
license to use the Font on up to five (5) devices at any
time to create and publish content, including printed
materials, digital documents, and online content.

2. RESTRICTIONS
You may not copy, modify, distribute, or sell the Font or
any portion of it without the prior written consent of the
Foundry. You may not use the Font in any way that infringes
the rights of the Foundry or any third party.

3. OWNERSHIP
The Font is owned by the Foundry and is protected by
copyright and other intellectual property laws. Therefore,
Dicotype retains all rights, titles, and interests in the
Font, including all copies.

4. TERMINATION
This EULA will terminate automatically without notice from
Dicotype if you fail to comply with any term of this EULA.
You must immediately stop using the Font upon termination
and destroy all copies.

5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
The Font is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including, but not limited to, the
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose. Dicotype does not warrant that the Font
will meet your requirements or that its operation will be
uninterrupted or error-free.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Dicotype be liable for any damages
whatsoever, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of
or in connection with the use or inability to use the Font.

7. GOVERNING LAW
This EULA shall be governed by and construed following the
laws of the Country or State without giving effect to any
conflicts of laws provisions.

8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This EULA constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties concerning the use of the Font. Accordingly, it
supersedes all prior agreements, whether written or oral,
regarding the subject matter of this EULA.

Using the Font, you acknowledge that you have read this
EULA, understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms and
conditions.